# HTML
HTML files structure the layout of the web application. The final HTML files are generated by webpack and
output to the `public/` directory when building with `npm run build` and define the pages that can be accessed via browser in the final application.


## Webpack
The webpack.config.js file([github](https://github.com/devlinjunker/template.webpack.fend/blob/master/webpack.config.js))
defines the HTML pages that will be generated by the build process. For each instance of the HtmlWebpackPlugin
in the `plugins` section, webpack will output a new HTML file using the `template` at the `filename` provided
(inside of `public/`).

### Page Header Meta Attributes
The `<meta>` webpage attributes are passed into the instance of the HtmlWebpackPlugin for each page defined in the webpack config file. These attributes could be dynamically set for each page if desired, or can be the same for each html page.

### Templating

#### Static
Simple Static HTML Templating can be done with the [underscore-lodash-loader](https://github.com/emaphp/underscore-template-loader).
This loader allow HTML files to be imported during the compilation process using `@require` or `@import`
in the HTML files, and also enables variables that can be replaced when the HTML is generated (e.g. `<%=
name %>`) will be replaced if we use `@import(<file_name>, { name: "Devlin Junker" })` with `Devlin Junker`.

#### Basic Javascript Components (Handlebars)
More complicated HTML components (especially those that require javascript or looping/conditional statements
should be written with handlebars in the `components/` directory. Each component should have a `.hbs` file
and an `index.js` file containing a function, that imports the `.hbs` file and compiles it with the
parameters and handlers passed in.

## HTML Linting
During the build process, webpack is configured to lint the final HTML files after each successful build with
[htmlhint](https://github.com/htmlhint/HTMLHint) to spot any errors in the HTML structure. This will cause an
error in the build process output. You can see the rules defined in the .htmlhintrc file
([github](https://github.com/devlinjunker/template.webpack.fend/blob/master/.htmlhintrc)).

These include:
 - Requiring Doctype
 - Disabling Inline CSS Styles on elements
 - Attribute naming conventions
 - Requiring some accessibility attributes


## HTML Notes/Ideas
 - [x] Templating
 - [ ] Accessibility Linting
 - [ ] UI Framework?
